Dear 
 Two weeks ago I was given my annual review. During the review I was given a lot of positive feedback.
 I was told that I have gotten the most Pass it Forward awards - 
 despite not being in NY for a good portion of the summer. I was given a $2,000 raise, which makes my current salary $49,000 per year. 
 Broken down by hour, that is less than $24.00 per hour. Now I have been here 9 years, and was promoted very quickly 
 from Assistant Coach to Senior Head Coach. Then, in.... I became the second person to be named Master Coach
 I have been promoted and have been on salary for about 7 
 
 review - 
 Better at keeping communication with the office
 Good at keeping the location clean
 
 2013 - 2 K
 2012 - no raises
 
 39 - 2008
 43 papers - after we got married - 2011
 assistant  - 15
 junior coach -  20
 coach - 25
 head coach - 30
 senior head coach - 35
 master coach - 40 
 
 

2 - At this point, I have been working for 40+ hours per week - it's counted as 40, but here's my schedule - .....
I make 45,000 per year. If you divide that into 52 weeks that is $865 dollars per week, which comes out to less than $22 dollars per hour.
 That is less than I made as a head coach, much less than a made as a senior head coach, and still less than a master head coach.
 This is not right. I have been a coach here and have accepted this for a very long time, 
 but this is not what a veteran coach should be being paid.


6 years ago, you told me you could not give me a raise because I had to get my greencard, and now that I have had that for 3 years, I have only gotten a raise of ... each year. Again, I was paid a much higher rate previously. and am losing out on tens of thousands of dollars per year because I am not being paid the rate of a master head coach. I appreciate that at this point I get health insurance and vacation, but as an incredible coach, who parents come back to year in and year out, I expect to be paid more fairly. I would look to be paid 8-12 dollars per hour more, to  be more in line with a senior head coach.
Let's discuss....

Who should I speak with to set up my new hours for next season?
Thank you,

Sincerely,
Darwin Salgado

I have been working in this company for than 9 years and I am getting paid less than a coach level gets pay hourly.   
I have been a coach here and have accepted this for a very long time, but this is not what a veteran coach should be being paid, 
it seems to me that instead of rewarding loyalty, you guys are telling me to go, and that you don't appreciate my hard work.

I appreciate that at this point I get health insurance and vacation, 
but that is required for a full time employee. All I expect is to be paid more fairly. 
I would look to be paid  in line between a head coach and senior head coach at least.

Let's discuss....

Sincerely,

Darwin Salgado

